README.md, before:

### StackOverflow - Lite
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite?branch=develop)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/9d8c69ee2f75b6891e74/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite/maintainability)

#### Description
StackOverflow-lite is a platform where people can ask questions and provide answers. 

#### Development
The templates design have been using HTML and CSS3 with Flex box technology.


Please click [gh-pages](https://nduhiu17.github.io/StackOverflow-lite/) to view my UI pages

The following are the templates screenshots:

### 1. Registration page
![register](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837544-95739880-ac42-11e8-8e1f-5744a4ce18c4.png)

### 2. Login page
![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837649-d370bc80-ac42-11e8-8f24-d60651b55afb.png)

### 3. Home page
![home](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837688-f3a07b80-ac42-11e8-84d0-4d514a84d305.png)

### 4. Page to add a question
![post-question](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837800-41b57f00-ac43-11e8-8aca-653eef14981a.png)

### 5. Page to display a question with its answers and adding an answer
![question-details](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837865-6f9ac380-ac43-11e8-9caa-7af01a55c047.png)

### 6. User profile page
![profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837945-a2dd5280-ac43-11e8-893d-8c79cda9434a.png)

Commit message:

Update readme file with heroku link

README.md, after:

### StackOverflow - Lite
[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite.svg?branch=develop)](https://travis-ci.org/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite)
[![Coverage Status](https://coveralls.io/repos/github/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite/badge.svg?branch=develop)](https://coveralls.io/github/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite?branch=develop)
[![Maintainability](https://api.codeclimate.com/v1/badges/9d8c69ee2f75b6891e74/maintainability)](https://codeclimate.com/github/Nduhiu17/StackOverflow-lite/maintainability)

#### Description
StackOverflow-lite is a platform where people can ask questions and provide answers. 

#### Development
The templates design have been using HTML and CSS3 with Flex box technology.


Please click [gh-pages](https://nduhiu17.github.io/StackOverflow-lite/) to view my UI pages

Please click [heroku-link](https://antony-stackoverflow-ch2.herokuapp.com) to get and test API end points on postman

The following are the templates screenshots:

### 1. Registration page
![register](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837544-95739880-ac42-11e8-8e1f-5744a4ce18c4.png)

### 2. Login page
![login](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837649-d370bc80-ac42-11e8-8f24-d60651b55afb.png)

### 3. Home page
![home](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837688-f3a07b80-ac42-11e8-84d0-4d514a84d305.png)

### 4. Page to add a question
![post-question](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837800-41b57f00-ac43-11e8-8aca-653eef14981a.png)

### 5. Page to display a question with its answers and adding an answer
![question-details](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837865-6f9ac380-ac43-11e8-9caa-7af01a55c047.png)

### 6. User profile page
![profile](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/30591881/44837945-a2dd5280-ac43-11e8-893d-8c79cda9434a.png)
